WIP Gemini 3h guide updates (#401)
subspace/subspace-docs: docs/farming-&-staking/staking/operators/register-operator.mdx

### Create operator key (recommended way)

To create a new operator key, run the following command:
`subspace-node domain key create --base-path /tmp/node --domain-id 0`

> Make sure to use the base **--base-path** for the key generation, and running an operator node and make sure to replace **--domain-id value** with the domainID you would like to be an operator on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Make sure to specify **--base-path** for key generation and running an operator node and make sure to replace **--domain-id value** with the domain ID you would like to be an operator on.
```

**You have successfully generated an operator key, congratulations!**

> The keys were generated in the subfolder of **PATH_TO_NODE** under `/domains/domainID/keystore`. If you don't see the generated keypair in the subfolder, something went wrong. 

Reviewer: Should we include a warning about how important it is that users record the seed phrase output to the CLI?

Reviewer 2: Probably, though CLI will already print a warning on its own. Also you can always rotate the key, it is just important to not leak it or else someone can get operator slashed.

Author: Added a short note below.

Start a node as operator on `gemini-3g` chain:

:::info
You need to **wipe** and sync your node from genesis block, since you need to sync both consensus and domain chains.
You do not need to wipe any existing plots. 
:::

:::note
Ensure you replace `your_domain_id` with your domain identifier in the command and `your_operator_id` with your operator_id.
:::

:::tip
You can ignore setting up `your_operator_id` while you're syncing your node. Make sure to set it after syncing and registration.
:::

<Tabs groupId="OS">

<TabItem value="windows" label="🖼️ Windows" default>

<CodeBlock>
{`target/production/subspace-node run \`
--chain gemini-3h \`
--name your_node_name \`
--base-path your_path_to_node_data \`
-- \`
--domain-id your_domain_id \`
--operator-id your_operator_id \`
--bootstrap-nodes /ip4/3.87.28.170/tcp/40333/p2p/12D3KooWGHtULvhdKMZtzigSK1438uWXPj9rBQHVzTaKMWv1WRXp \`
--bootstrap-nodes /ip4/140.82.45.36/tcp/40333/p2p/12D3KooWJxB2PVzyNqZywoCWAMLGhKr2LCbFMXbAPzUPQZon7yt1 \`

> --bootstrap-nodes /ip4/167.179.116.135/tcp/40333/p2p/12D3KooWHsRae3ip2uQAUPtpMcStHGGw777SJT3nu9maFmtsGry7 \`

Reviewer 2: We really need to replace this mess of IP addresses with readable domain names for 3h. Also note that these can be in the chain spec and we should add them for 3h such that for domains created by us specifying bootstrap nodes will not be required, but have "advanced" section about adding these for custom domains (bootstrap nodes for which we will probably not run at all).

Reviewer: Who can help us with that? Is it @DaMandal0rian?

Reviewer 2: Yes, he should create it on infrastructure level and someone needs to update chain spec afterwards.

Reviewer 3: @jim-counter these will be in the format:
`bootstrap-0.nova.subspace.network`
`bootstrap-1.nova.subspace.network`
`bootstrap-2.nova.subspace.network`

      - "0.0.0.0:40333:40333/tcp"
    restart: unless-stopped
    command: [
      "run",
      "--chain", "gemini-3h",
      "--base-path", "/var/subspace",

>       "--listen-on", "30333",

Reviewer 2: Here and in multiple other places syntax is wrong, it is not just port anymore

Author: Yes, the `--port` has been replaced by `--listen-on`.  Perhaps some github quirk, just double checked that all --port commands were indeed replaced.

Reviewer 2: I was talking about value, not the key name. The value is wrong.
